SUBJECT>Christians and their need for total control
POSTER>David McLennan
EMAIL>david_mclennan@hotmail.com
DATE>993489622
EMAILNOTICES>no
IP_ADDRESS>198.92.137.26
PREVIOUS>
NEXT>
IMAGE>
LINKNAME>Gnosticism: Origins, Beliefs and Modern Tendencies
LINKURL>http://occultism.hypermart.net/History/Gnosticism/gnosticism.pdf
<P>Early History of Gnosticism
<P>© 1998 – 2001 by Borce T. Gjorgjievski. All Rights Reserved. No part is to be reproduced electronically, printed or in any other
<BR>form without a written permission of the author. The author can be contacted by email at <A HREF="mailto:borce@altavista.net">borce@altavista.net</A> .
<P>As early as AD 38, the Church of Antioch was founded by James, Peter and
<BR>Thomas in Antioch, Asia Minor. This church taught a doctrine which had a lot in
<BR>common with the Gnostic teachings. The other sect in Christianity, the sPistic
<BR>Christianity, taught that the salvation could only be achieved by fate, and not by any other means. They were especially against the Gnostic claim that salvation can be achieved by knowledge alone, which was central to the Gnostic teachings. In AD 64, Pistic (unlike Gnostic) Christianity began growing very fast when Nero began throwing Christians to the lions in the arena. Roman courts offered Christians to denounce their religion and go free. The Pistics refused and died for it. The Gnostics were horrified by the sight and the very thought of it. Their fellow Christians (although in another sect) were committing willful mass suicides by willingly throwing themselves into the lions’ jaws, and all that in the name of faith, and salvation by faith. The Gnostics were even more saddened because they knew for fact that “gnosis” is needed for salvation and union with God, faith alone was not enough. The Gnostics respected the honesty and sincerity of their comrades, but they respected life much more, and they knew that by dying in the arenas they won’t achieve anything besides that there will be less people with a chance of achieving salvation. They became hated and despised by the Pistics for refusing to die with them, and the two sects became more and more separated from each other. One reaction that the Gnostics did not foresee, was how this mass suicides affected the masses. The arena made converts by the droves, and it was Pistic Christians that they sought out to learn more about this powerful religion, not the Gnostics, so the number of the Pistics grew exponentially. Since the foundation of the Catholic Church, which finally fortified Pistic Christianity as orthodox and “the only right one,” its legitimacy was built on the doctrine of the Pope being the successors of St. Peter as Bishop of Rome, who was allegedly the first bishop. History, however, does not show Peter to have been in Rome, or to have ever been a bishop anywhere. This fact did not hinder the claims of the Catholic Church that they are the only right ones, since only their church was built on “The Rock.3 ” The new church set to a task to absorb all the other religions present in the Roman Empire and convert as many people as possible. An effective unification of all of Rome's religions had to, not only include the major deities of those religions, but it also had to place them in a position subordinate to the over-god, who was to pull them all together, and to grant him the higher authority. Mithraism, which the dominant religion in the Roman Empire before the popularity of the Pistics, basically fused with Christianity embedding within the Christian doctrine many of its own elements. Christmas, for example, is a Mithraist holiday, the birthday of Mithra. There is no mention in the Bible or in any other historic material of the exact birthday of Jesus. The use of crosses, as symbols, was almost non-existent before. They were regarded as a violation of the second commandment, and were seen as a reminder of Christ's suffering. The Pistic Christianity had also its doubts about the ability of the women to be saved. A vote was cast to decide whether women had souls. The women won by a difference of one vote in their favor. Among early Christians, however, which for the most part shared the Gnostic beliefs, it was the women, as much as the men, who had visions and were leaders of communes. The representatives of the Church of Antioch demonstrated open disagreement with the newly adopted principles within the Christian doctrine, which the orthodox Church did not forgive. Members were persecuted as far away as Malabar, India.
<BR>
