SUBJECT>I'm back and todays lesson is: Numbers People
POSTER>C Fox
EMAIL>c_f_x@hotmail.com
DATE>992904703
EMAILNOTICES>no
IP_ADDRESS>243.directlink.net
PASSWORD>aagR1RuO4.MX2
PREVIOUS>
NEXT>
IMAGE>
LINKNAME>some more of god's plans in living color
LINKURL>http://www.cadaver.org
<P>So i'm browsing your trite website here an i stumble on your database page.. Your numbers are way too low to be considered a threat to the internet as a whole. I mean come on only 57 sites reported under General Blasphemy HAH. If you had just one site for every alternate religion and their off sets you'd automaticly have atleast twice that ammount.. and while child pornography is WRONG, Somehow i have the feeling that black-balling only 47 sites is not going to solve the problem. As for your angst twards interracial relationships, that just sounds like more work twards the "master race" if you ask me. It really seems to me that people of a religion notorious for it's molestation and exploytation of children by it's own clergy would be more interested in solving the problems of the REAL world and not the content of the digital world..
<P>Did you ever stop to think that it may very well be the Happy-go-lucky/martha stewart, ritalin enhanced, Time-out, No-spanking, environment that you of the FAITH believe in so much, that is the problem with today's kids? That it is because of the lack of color and adventure in their lives that draws them away from you and twards the internet?. hmm? You think the internet is the problem? What about the guilt you inflict on them as part of your Religion?..Oh wait that's what that nightly heroin fix is for, to help them forget the guilt..
<P>How many of you hypocrits got your wives or girlfriends knocked up before you were married? How many of you promise-keepers ever raised your hand in anger twards your wives.. How many of you women hid the fact that your child was not concieved by your husband?. hmm? EVERYONE has secrets and everyone LIES and everyone has commited a SIN in someway.. Get your own lives in order and Leave the internet for the rest of us who find it as humorous and entertaining as they do informational. I don't hear the amish complaining about the internet because they were smart enough and serious enough about their religion to know that technology and MORALS DO NOT MIX!...
<P>Oh and Crimes agains HUMANITY?? When was the last time anyone saw a SUN enterprize workstation go out and drag a black man down the street chained to the bumper of a Pickup Truck? Or the last time anyone saw a Html tag that read . Hmm.. how bout the last time an ISP Rounded up a group of oh,,i don't know,,, JEWS and BURT THEM TO A CRISP.
<BR>i'll quit for now with this little thought..
<P>When something bad happens i'm always confronted by your type (the admins of this site not the intenet loyal readers of my posts) saying that "it's all part of god's plan" well then the internet too must be part of god's plan so how can you question god's plan..just take it on blind faith (like everything else you do) that god will punish the true sinners and spare the faithfull. Raise your children properly and monitor their internet use YOURSELF, and quit relying on the other tax payers to do it for you.. I mean if you didn't want to raise them you should give them up to the state and move on.
<BR>
